the most requested recipe for dinner
from the blog is this homemade chili
that's super hearty and the leftovers
taste even better start out by adding
some butter and olive oil to a pot and
sauteing some red bell pepper jalapeno
and garlic then we'll add the ground
beef along with all our spices and start
breaking it up with a wooden spoon until
it Browns beautifully then we'll add in
a whole can of fire roasted diced
tomatoes tomato sauce beef broth brown
sugar and Worcestershire sauce now we'll
cover to let it simmer and after that
we're going to add in some beans you can
do kidney black bean or pinto beans or a
mix of all three allow the beans to
simmer in there and I like to finish it
off with some cilantro and that's
basically it I like to enjoy it with
cheese sour cream hot sauce and some
chips to dip in