you can make this cozy and delicious
tyod curry with chicken for dinner in
under 30 minutes we're going to start by
thinly slicing some boneless and
skinless chicken thighs as well as some
bell peppers and green beans and
cilantro then add olive oil or coconut
oil to a pan sauté your garlic and
ginger and then add the red curry paste
sauté for a few minutes and then add a
can of coconut milk lime juice red
pepper flakes and salt now we add the
green beans red bell peppers and chicken
cover and let it simmer for a few
minutes until the chicken is cooked
through and the veggies are softened add
in lots of basil and Sal lro and then a
little bit of a cornstarch sry just to
thicken it up a little you have to serve
it with some jasmine rice and now all
that's left to do is enjoy