if you only have 30 minutes to make
dinner and you still want something
absolutely delicious you're gonna have
to make this lomo saltado it's a
peruvian steak stir fry that is
basically a carb lover's dream because
it has both fries and rice start out
with some sirloin that's been cut into
individual pieces and then marinate it
in some olive oil cumin oregano smoked
paprika salt and black pepper while you
make the fries on the side you're going
to sear the steak in a little bit of
olive oil and butter until beautifully
golden brown then in the same pan you're
going to saute some red onions and
deglaze the pan with a little bit of
beef broth now we add the garlic ajay
mario paste soy sauce vinegar a little
bit of sugar and the tomatoes saute
again and then add back the steak along
with some cilantro you can also add the
fries in at this step and all that's
left to do is enjoy