let's
make style and we got a special guest
this is my boy since we were little kids
I personally recommend removing the
seeds from the
tomato and then you need some onion and
bell pepper fresh heartburn gets smashed
God damn it how hungry are you I'm
pretty hungry Ramadan K my grandpa used
this in school we're not using that
we're taking old school today food
processor is going to get all our
vegetables and some freshly picked
parsley from my backyard the guy lives
in an apartment H yourself big dog H big
dog that mixture to ground beef or lamb
then you add a little bit of color
tomato paste you can optionally hit this
with a little pomegranate molasses only
if you're Syrian no one else does that
it's time for our Middle Eastern herbs
and spices yeah we're definitely gay
keeping that you're really going to work
on that me huh now we're going to need a
little bit of dough that we made and
misplaced in the store bought bag while
you left we're going to portion them out
into equal size balls brinkle a little
bit of flour then you're going to roll
these out as thin as possible and then
spread that meat on that dough then you
toss it on the grill and as always now
bis