let's make some marry me chicken pasta
there is an unbelievable amount of
flavor chicken breast gets salt pepper
garlic powder cayenne pepper and paprika
introduce a little thyme oregano and
rosemary and just hit them with a light
dusting of flour in a properly oiled pan
lay away your chicken the goal here is
to develop a really nice crust then
we're gonna toss them in the oven at 350
to finish cooking now in the same pan
we're gonna toss in plenty of white
onion some jalapeno chopped is fine as
you and it starts to smell gorgeous
going with some minced heartburn I like
to strip down some fresh thyme add in
plenty of sun-dried tomatoes it smells
gorgeous I'm gonna add in some homemade
chicken stock toss in the same
seasonings that we hit the chicken with
now that everything is talking spicy I'm
gonna drizzle in some heavy cream once
it starts to lightly bubble and thick
and hit it with some Parmesan cheese Al
Dente pasta goes in and then you just
gotta let that get Saucy and glossy for
just a couple minutes by the time you
make the pasta your chicken should be
done I'm gonna slice it up so it's
easier to eat and then we finish with
some greens to turn this operation
healthy and as always
wow that bite was incredible wait how
did this get here