this is one of those recipes when you
make it once you're going to want to
make it again now this might look like a
complicated recipe but it's a lot more
simpler than you think to start you want
to slice down some bell pepper tomato
and potato you want everything to be
roughly the same size you can use other
vegetables but this is what I prefer in
a blender you're going to do some red
onion regular onion doesn't matter some
heartburn parsley blend it up and you're
going to add it to some 8020 ground beef
you want it to be high fat cuz we need
it then you're going to season the
operation up strap up with the glove and
give it a nice little massage form those
into some patties about half an inch
thick and then you're going to start
laying them up with the vegetables now
again this is one of those recipes that
just looks really pretty when you bake
it but at its purest form it's really
easy to make and I'm going to season
this entire operation up with this make
it happen allpurpose seasoning shout out
to my boy and then we're going to cover
it up with some tomato paste water and a
little bit of salt that's all that
mixture is it's going to give it a
little bit of moisture I already showed
you how to make this rice recipe I like
to serve it on top of the rice get a
little bit of that liquid and I don't
know what it is about this recipe but it
hits so hard it just tastes like home
and as always now